.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
Thanks for contributing to the project!
Please help us keep this project in good shape by going through this checklist.
Replace the empty checkboxes [ ] below with checked ones [X] as they are completed
Remember, you can preview this before saving it.
-->

<!-- You can remove this first section if you have contributed before -->

### First time contributor checklist:
- [ ] I have read the [README](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/README.md) and [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [ ] I have signed the [Contributor Licence Agreement](https://whispersystems.org/cla/)


### Contributor checklist:
- [ ] My commits are in nice logical chunks with [good commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
- [ ] My changes are [rebased](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/git-rebase-and-the-golden-rule-explained-70715eccc372) on the latest [`development`](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/tree/development) branch
- [ ] My changes pass 100% of [local tests](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#tests)
- [ ] My changes are ready to be shipped to users


### Description

<!--
Describe briefly what your pull request changes. Focus on the value provided to users.

Does it address any outstanding issues in this project?
  https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue
  Reference an issue with the hash symbol: "#222"
  If you're fixing it, use something like "Fixes #222"

Please write a summary of your test approach:
  - What kind of manual testing did you do?
  - Did you write any new tests?
  - What operating systems did you test with? (please use specific versions: http://whatsmyos.com/)
  - What other devices did you test with? (other Desktop devices, Android, Android Simulator, iOS, iOS Simulator)
-->

Commit message:

Request translation changes to be made via Transifex

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
Thanks for contributing to the project!
Please help us keep this project in good shape by going through this checklist.
Replace the empty checkboxes [ ] below with checked ones [X] as they are completed
Remember, you can preview this before saving it.
-->

<!-- You can remove this first section if you have contributed before -->

### First time contributor checklist:
- [ ] I have read the [README](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/README.md) and [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- [ ] I have signed the [Contributor Licence Agreement](https://whispersystems.org/cla/)


### Contributor checklist:
- [ ] My contribution is **not** related to translations. _Please submit translation changes via our [Signal Desktop Transifex project](https://www.transifex.com/liliakai/signal-desktop/)._
- [ ] My commits are in nice logical chunks with [good commit messages](http://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/)
- [ ] My changes are [rebased](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/git-rebase-and-the-golden-rule-explained-70715eccc372) on the latest [`development`](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/tree/development) branch
- [ ] My changes pass 100% of [local tests](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#tests)
- [ ] My changes are ready to be shipped to users


### Description

<!--
Describe briefly what your pull request changes. Focus on the value provided to users.

Does it address any outstanding issues in this project?
  https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue
  Reference an issue with the hash symbol: "#222"
  If you're fixing it, use something like "Fixes #222"

Please write a summary of your test approach:
  - What kind of manual testing did you do?
  - Did you write any new tests?
  - What operating systems did you test with? (please use specific versions: http://whatsmyos.com/)
  - What other devices did you test with? (other Desktop devices, Android, Android Simulator, iOS, iOS Simulator)
-->
