README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop)
Signal Desktop
==========================

Install [Signal Desktop](https://support.signal.org/hc/en-us/articles/214507138)!

Signal Desktop is an Electron application that links with your
[Signal Android](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Android)
 or [Signal iOS](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS) app.


## Got a question?
The best place to ask questions is [https://support.signal.org/](https://support.signal.org/).


## Found a Bug?
Please search the existing issues for your bug and create a new one if the issue is not yet tracked!

https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/issues


## Contributing Translations
Interested in helping to translate Signal? Contribute here:

https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/signal-desktop


## Contributing Code
Please see
[CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for setup instructions and contributor guidelines. And don't forget to sign the
[CLA](https://signal.org/cla/).

## Contributing Ideas
Have something you want to say about Open Whisper Systems projects or want to be part of the conversation? Get involved in the [community forum](https://whispersystems.discoursehosting.net)!

## Contributing Funds
You can donate to Signal development through the [Freedom of the Press Foundation](https://freedom.press/crowdfunding/signal/).

## Cryptography Notice

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption software.
BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted.
See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms.
The form and manner of this distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object code and source code.

## License

Copyright 2014-2017 Open Whisper Systems

Licensed under the GPLv3: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

Commit message:

Remove built assets from repo, updates to docs + GH templates (#1955)
* Revamp issue and pull request templates, other docs tweaks

`yarn test` now runs all of our tests.

* Remove generated files from the repository

* Update to new Signal support URL

* Prevent the 'Test failed 2 == 1' from test-release in CI

* Another attempt to fix grunt test-release on Appveyor

* grunt test-release: Fail build if test fails

* Lint fix, and move jshint earlier in CI process

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop)
Signal Desktop
==========================

Signal Desktop is an Electron application that links with your
[Signal Android](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Android)
 or [Signal iOS](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-iOS) app.

Install [Signal Desktop](https://signal.org/download/)!


## Install the beta

You can install it on a computer which already has the production version installed. It uses different data and install locations.

- _Windows:_ You can find the most recent build here: https://updates.signal.org/desktop/beta.yml
- _Mac:_ You can find the most recent build here: https://updates.signal.org/desktop/beta-mac.yml
- _Linux:_ same instructions as above, but run `apt-get signal-desktop-beta` instead


## Got a question?

You can find a number of frequently asked questions here https://support.signal.org/.
The discussion groups are another good place for questions: https://whispersystems.discoursehosting.net/.


## Found a Bug? Have a feature request?

Please search the existing issues for your bug and create a new one if the issue is not yet tracked!

https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/issues


## Contributing Translations
Interested in helping to translate Signal? Contribute here:

https://www.transifex.com/projects/p/signal-desktop


## Contributing Code

Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/WhisperSystems/Signal-Desktop/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
for setup instructions and contributor guidelines. And don't forget to sign the
[CLA](https://signal.org/cla/).


## Contributing Funds
You can donate to Signal development through the [Freedom of the Press Foundation](https://freedom.press/crowdfunding/signal/).


## Cryptography Notice

This distribution includes cryptographic software. The country in which you currently reside may have restrictions on the import, possession, use, and/or re-export to another country, of encryption software.
BEFORE using any encryption software, please check your country's laws, regulations and policies concerning the import, possession, or use, and re-export of encryption software, to see if this is permitted.
See <http://www.wassenaar.org/> for more information.

The U.S. Government Department of Commerce, Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS), has classified this software as Export Commodity Control Number (ECCN) 5D002.C.1, which includes information security software using or performing cryptographic functions with asymmetric algorithms.
The form and manner of this distribution makes it eligible for export under the License Exception ENC Technology Software Unrestricted (TSU) exception (see the BIS Export Administration Regulations, Section 740.13) for both object code and source code.

## License

Copyright 2014-2017 Open Whisper Systems

Licensed under the GPLv3: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
